Added Documentation for ReactionPin cog (#171)
PyDrocsid/cogs: reactionpin.md

3. the message was written in a channel whitelisted for ReactionPin AND

4. the user does not have the `mute` role

As soon as the message author or a Team-Member removes his reaction `:pushpin:` 📌, the message will be removed from the pinned messages.

***
## `reactionpin` 

This is the main command, for the command group, to show all the subcommands, if you have the permission for it.

Required Permissions:

- `reactionpin.read`

Aliases:
- `a`

```css
.reactionpin <command>
```

***
### `add`

This command adds a channel to the whitelisted Reactionpin channel.

Required Permissions:

- `reactionpin.read` 
- `reactionpin.write`

Aliases:
- `add`
- `a`
- `+`

```css
.rp [add|a|+] <channel>
```

|Arguments|Required|Description| 
|:------:|:------|:-----| 
|`channel`|✔️|Adds the channel to the whitelisted Reaction-Pin Channels| 

***
### `remove`

This command removes a channel to the whitelisted Reactionpin channel.

Required Permissions:

- `reactionpin.read`
- `reactionpin.write`

Aliases
- `remove`
- `del`
- `r`
- `d`
- `-`

```css
.rp [del|r|d|-] <channel>
```

|Arguments|Required|Description| 
|:------:|:-----|:-----| 

> |`channel`|✔️|Removes the channel to the whitelisted Reaction-Pin Channels| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`channel`|✔️|Removes the channel to the whitelisted Reaction-Pin channels| 
```

Reviewer: Not 100% sure, but think this should be lower case.

***
### `pin_message`

> This command enables or disables the "MorpheusHelper pinned a message. See all messages" message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command enables or disables the "pinned messages notification".
```

# Reaction Pin

This cog consists of a reaction event and some moderation commands.

## Reaction Pin

> A message is pinned when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A message gets pinned when
```

a)
the user who added the reaction `:pushpin` (📌) has the `reactionpin.pin` permission OR

b)

0. `:pushpin:` (📌) is added as a reaction to a message AND

1. the reaction is added by the author of the message AND

2. the message was written in a channel whitelisted for ReactionPin AND

3. the user does not have the `mute` role

As soon as the message author or a Team-Member removes his reaction `:pushpin:` 📌, the message will be removed from the pinned messages.

---
## `reactionpin`

> This is the main command, for the command group, to show all the subcommands, if you have the permission for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the main command for the command group, to show all the subcommands if you have permission for it.
```

Required Permissions:

- `reactionpin.read`

Aliases:

- `a`

```css  
.reactionpin <command>
```

---
### `add`

> This command adds a channel to the whitelisted Reactionpin channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command whitelists a channel.
```

Required Permissions:

- `reactionpin.read`
- `reactionpin.write`

Aliases:
- `add`
- `a`
- `+`

```css  
.rp [add|a|+] <channel>
```

|Arguments|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------|:-----|

> |`channel`|✔️|Adds the channel to the whitelisted Reaction-Pin Channels|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`channel`|✔️|Whitelists the channel|
```

---
### `remove`

> This command removes a channel to the whitelisted Reactionpin channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command removes a channel from the whitelist.
```

Required Permissions:

- `reactionpin.read`
- `reactionpin.write`

Aliases

- `remove`

- `del`

- `r`

- `d`

- `-`

```css  
.rp [del|r|d|-] <channel>
```

|Arguments|Required|Description|
|:------:|:-----|:-----|

> |`channel`|✔️|Removes the channel to the whitelisted Reaction-Pin Channels|  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`channel`|✔️|Removes the channel from the whitelist|  
```
